For those who have read the post and want a refresher or those who just want to hear about the big fucking rocket and move on with their day, here’s a quick overview of the background: The Context To understand why the big fucking rocket matters, you have to understand this sentence: SpaceX is trying to make human life multi-planetary by building a self-sustaining, one-million-person civilization on Mars.
 Let’s go part by part.
 Why make human life multi-planetary? Two reasons: ) It’s fun and exciting.
 (Here’s a clip from one of the interviews I did with Elon last year where he articulates this point.
) ) It’s not a great idea to have all of our eggs in one basket.
 Right now we’re all on Earth, which means that if something terrible happens on Earth—caused by nature or by our own technology—we’re done.
 That’s like having a precious digital photo album saved only on one not-necessarily-reliable hard drive.
 If you were in that situation, you’d be smart to back the album up on a second hard drive.
 That’s the idea here.
 Elon calls it “life insurance for the species.
” Why Mars? Venus is a dick, with its lead-melting temperatures, its crushing atmospheric pressure, and its unbearable winds.
 The moon has few natural resources, a -day day, and with no atmosphere to either provide protection against the sun during the day or warm things up at night, both day and night become murderous.
 Same deal on Mercury.
 Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune are just huge balls of gas pretending to be planets.
 Certain moons of Jupiter and Saturn are possibly habitable, but they’re farther away and colder and darker than Mars, so why would we do that.
 Pluto is even farther and colder and darker.
 Stop asking me about Pluto.
 That leaves Mars.
 Mars isn’t a good time.
 If Mars were a place on Earth, it’s somewhere no one would want to go.
 But compared to all of those other options, it’s a dream.
 It’s cold but not that cold.
 It’s kind of dark but not that much darker than Earth.
 It’s far but not that far.
 Its day is almost the same length as ours, which is nice for us and hugely helpful for growing Earthly vegetation.
 Its surface gravity isn’t crazy low or crazy high (it’s around a third of Earth’s).
 It has a ton of (frozen) water and a decent amount of CO, which are critical for early attempts at living there and hugely helpful for future attempts to “terraform” the planet into a place more livable for humans.
 All things considered, we’re very lucky to have an option as good as Mars—in most other solar systems, we probably wouldn’t.
 Why ,, people? Because Elon thinks that’s a rough estimate for the number of people you’d need to have on Mars in order for the Mars civilization to be “self-sustaining”—with self-sustaining defined by Elon as: “Even if the spaceships from Earth permanently stop coming, the colony doesn’t eventually die out—which requires a huge industrial base, and a much harder industrial base to create than being on Earth.
” In other words, if hard drive # relies on hard drive # in order to stay working, then your photo album isn’t really backed up, is it? The whole point of hard drive # is to save the day if hard drive # permanently crashes.
 And while the Earth hard drive could “crash” for many exciting reasons—an asteroid hits us, AI kills us, Trump kills us, ISIS creates some upsetting biological weapon, etc.
—Elon also warns about the less dramatic possibility that the Earth ships stop coming simply because Earth civilization stops having the capability to send them: The spaceships from Earth could stop coming for other reasons—it could be WWIII, it could be that Earth becomes a religious state, it could be some gradual decline where Earth civilization just sinks under its own weight.
 At one point the Egyptians were able to build pyramids, and then they forgot how to do that.
 And then they forgot how to read hieroglyphics, until the Rosetta Stone.
 Rome as well—they had indoor plumbing, they had advanced aqueducts, and then that fell apart.
 China at one point had the world’s biggest fleet of sailing ships and they were sailing as far as Africa, then some crazy emperor came along and decided that was bad and had them all burnt.
 So you just don’t know what’s gonna happen.
 The key threshold to pass is the number of people and tons of cargo required to make things self-sustaining.
 And that’s probably something like a million people and probably something like - million tons of cargo.
 In other words, let’s not wait on this.
 